[bulk] Validation: Multiple Fixes (#225)
MicrosoftDocs/bingmaps-docs: BingMaps/spatial-data-services/data-source-management-api/download-data-source-dataflow/index.md

---
title: "Download a Data Source Dataflow | Microsoft Docs"

> description: Learn how to download entity data from a published data source using the Data Source Download Dataflow API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: An overview page for the Download a Data Source Dataflow section with links to articles that describe how to create a job to download entity data from a data source, how to access the downloaded data and a step-by-step overview of how to use the Download Data Source Dataflow.
```
